[Music]
good morning you wake up and switch on
the tv
it's yakking in the background while you
go on with your morning routine
a news program's on and you hear the
presenter talking about
spiders city authorities and invasion
while you burn your toast
huh it sounds too sci-fi and you don't
pay
too much attention they're probably
talking about a new
action movie an hour later you get into
your car and switch on the radio
the reception is surprisingly weak and
you can only catch
separate words spiders caution
unprecedented be careful at home until
oh you start to feel nervous what danger
are they warning about
you're driving through your neighborhood
heading for the downtown
but just as you're about to turn onto
the main road your foot hits the brakes
while your mind goes blank
the creature is huge eight thick hairy
legs
eight huge spherical eyes arranged in
two rows
several of them as big as footballs well
there's no denying it
the car-sized monster is a giant spider
unfortunately this discovery doesn't
make your brain spring back into action
you're still rooted to the spot watching
the creature get closer
and closer you aren't particularly
afraid of spiders
even used to have one as a child that's
why you know a lot about them
but dang it wasn't this big
as if under a spell you're staring at
the spider's body
it's divided into two parts joined by a
slim waist
you notice silk spinning organs on its
abdomen
and can't help but wonder is its web
going to be as thick and strong as a
nylon rope
the spider gets even closer and you can
see its two
massive jaws with terrifying fangs
they must be positively perfect for
piercing prey
and that's a lot of peas this last
thought helps you snap out of your
stupor
you frantically change gear and slowly
back up
trying not to provoke the monster as
soon as the distance is safe enough
you somehow manage to make a u-turn and
hit the gas
your car tires are screeching your
heart's racing and your palms are sweaty
once back in the safety of your home you
start to calm down
but only a bit you dash to the living
room and switch on the tv
that's when you find out that it's not
some super elaborate nightmare you're
having
the big bug is the reality
the first creature sneaked into the city
during the night
experts scientists and authorities have
no idea where they've come from
and why they're so giant right now the
whole city is paralyzed
you stare at cars abandoned right in the
middle of the road
and panicky people screaming and running
for shelter
looks like an alien invasion sci-fi
movie you think
but wait it is an invasion
the picture changes you see a colossal
spider climbing one of the few
skyscrapers in the business district
it reminds you of the time when your pet
spider escaped from its terrarium
and set off on a journey around the
house your sister's screams are still
ringing in your ears
anyway that accident made you curious
after searching the internet you finally
learned how come spiders could walk
upside
down and on vertical surfaces the secret
of their sticky success
lies in thousands of tiny hairs at the
tips of their legs that's what helps the
creature from the tv
conquer the glass tower bang
you nearly jump out of your skin did
this crash come from the kitchen
your mind urges you to go investigate
ignoring your nearly irresistible desire
to
hide under the bed you inch your way
along the wall toward the kitchen
and curiously peek inside
a massive spider leg is covering half of
your window
another leg joints the first one you
begin to wonder at what point your life
turned into a low budget horror movie
the legs move away but for some reason
it doesn't make you feel better
you spend several days on your sofa in
front of the tv
spiders have occupied the city lots of
citizens stay inside
most of them are too frightened to risk
even a trip to the nearest grocery store
at the same time things don't look too
black yet
many people keep going to work and the
production hasn't stopped
the only problem is delivering goods to
stores it takes way longer than before
because of
spider webs super strong and spreading
for dozens of feet
they're nearly impossible to destroy the
silk itself
isn't sticky its gumminess comes from
small droplets of glue
produced by spiders and left along the
threads
the center is usually glue-free so that
spiders can move around with ease
and when they travel along the threads
special claws on their legs prevent the
animals from getting stuck
one day the inevitable happens a truck
driver doesn't notice a newly built
spider web and the massive car which
weighs no less than 10
tons gets trapped you can see the
disaster unfolding right in front of
your eyes
tv reporters are always on the lookout
for a sensation
a spider's crawling across its neck
closer and closer to the cab
you can pick out the driver's
horror-stricken face
but then something extremely bizarre
happens
the spider loses interest and leaves the
car alone
that's how people find out that for some
mysterious and
inexplicable reason spiders aren't
interested in humans whatsoever
it's been several weeks since spiders
appeared in the city
during this time you found out these
animals were great runners
even a regular sized spider is super
quick its attack usually lasts
less than a quarter of a second and a
fleeing spider can speed up to one and a
half
feet per second you've also gotten used
to the fact
that you have to be extra attentive
while driving otherwise
there's a risk of hitting one of the
exoskeletons littering the streets
spiders have hard shells that can't grow
so when a spider needs to increase in
size
it sheds its old exoskeleton
in several city districts there have
been problems with cell phone reception
when too many spiders tried to nestle on
one cell tower at a time
most of the towers collapsed under such
pressure a couple of parks in downtown
have been
changed beyond recognition with trees
bushes and benches
completely covered in spider webs
they've turned into rather
unfriendly places some people
mostly those with arachnophobia have
left the city
dozens of professional psychologists
have started to work with those
who can't leave the city for some reason
four months later your life is more or
less back to normal you go to work and
the supermarket
order pizza delivery and meet with your
friends every friday
the only difference is that now you have
to check a special app
before going out it shows new spider
webs that have appeared during the night
some of them block the roads and the
application shows you
alternative ways to get to your
destination you can also use the same
app to track spiders
even though they try to stay clear of
people it's still better to avoid these
creatures
there have been several cases where
running spiders accidentally bumped into
people and knocked them over
once or twice you came home to find it
under the veil of spider silk
it's not a big deal though you just have
to call a web removal service
and in no time your house is as good as
new
one night you even catch yourself
thinking of domesticating one of the
giant spiders
that's when you realize humans can get
used to nearly
anything no wonder the authorities have
already started building new hotels
to accommodate thousands of tourists
from all over the world
they're eager to visit your scary but
unique city
i